# Lab 8 - Starter
1) Where would you fit your automated tests in your Recipe project development pipeline? 
Within a Github action that runs whenever code is pushed, since then it would ensure that code committed by contributors to different branches of the project is checked before merging it into the main branch. It works in the situation where you have a trusted team of project managers that have access to the main branch and everyone else contributes code by merging separate branches. By doing it this way, changes always can be checked if they pass the tests before being merged into the main branch.
2) Would you use an end to end test to check if a function is returning the correct output? 
no
3) Would you use a unit test to test the “message” feature of a messaging application? Why or why not? For this question, assume the “message” feature allows a user to write and send a message to another user.
It depends on what part of the messaging feature you are testing. If it is testing the whole interface and whether the message gets sent, then an end-to-end test would be a better fit. Otherwise, if a function that recieved messages from a network request was being tested to see if it can correctly recieve and parse a message, then a unit test might be better suited for the task. Ultimately, end to end testing would probably be best to use, since a messaging application is usually complicated and requires a central server/authentication that may be hard to decouple from any one individual feature to unit test.
4) Would you use a unit test to test the “max message length” feature of a messaging application? Why or why not? For this question, assume the “max message length” feature prevents the user from typing more than 80 characters.
Probably yeah. Assuming you're testing the backend/server side of the messaging app, you probably have a function that trims message length down to 80 characters if you're a good programmer regardless of what the frontend says. If you're testing the frontend, it still could be a unit test, but it seems more similar to what we're doing in this lab, which seems to qualify as end to end testing. 